well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today I guess we're going to
talk about straws and studies the last
video I mentioned giving up plastic
straws and and that open a can of worms
so as before we really get into this I
want to say that if you were in that
comment section understand that most
people don't know what I'm about to say
most people interpret that information
the way you guys are interpreting but
it's not right and I'm talking about
that a hundred companies produce seventy
one percent of emissions we'll get to
that but the real problem the real spark
was this we're gonna be defeated by this
the United States of America will be
defeated by a plastic straw we can't
figure a way around it because the metal
ones are dangerous on impact the glass
ones can break in your mouth the paper
ones admittedly are not very good and I
mean yeah silicone that's nice what you
got those are all substitutes for this
why can't we just make this why can't we
make that how does something else maybe
a plant-based straw that's biodegradable
it already exists single-use plant-based
straws already exists a company called
plastic list there's actually other
companies that make it I'm more familiar
with them you wouldn't know whether this
was one of theirs or not by looking at
it
normal plastic straws cost two dollars
for a hundred there's cost about four so
they're more expensive but that's
because they're not being widely used if
they were scaled up and use production
would scale up and the price would drop
it's that simple
we are the u.s. we are not going to be
defeated by a straw we can do a lot of
things when I upload this video people
on the other side of the world are gonna
see it seconds later
but we can't make this I don't believe
that not for a second but there's always
the reason there's always a reason not
to get involved there's always a reason
to say we'll let the government handle
it to find some other way than accepting
responsibility for it because it's scary
to accept responsibility for it
admittedly but we all have
responsibility for it that study that
gets quoted so often a hundred company
is responsible for 71 percent of the
emissions that is not what that study
says what that study says is that 71
percent of emissions can be traced back
to a hundred companies so when I fill my
truck at Exxon and I drive down the road
under that study Exxon gets credit for
me driving down the road so those
numbers prove that the individual is
actually the person that can make the
difference
not the opposite it's touted as the
opposite by a lot of news outlets that
have shared interests with companies
that don't want change and anytime
somebody comes up with something
electric car well then you're just going
to burn coal instead of oil well Cole
needs to go to look at that we're gonna
get rid of a couple things at once well
then that's going to get what about coal
miner jobs well we're gonna get
retrained we're going to get you
retrained you're gonna do the renewable
stuff now and it's okay because
education is going to be universal when
I say we need a culture shift a true
cultural revolution in this country I
mean it we need to change the way we
look at everything profit should not be
the motivator and it's gonna start with
us we can't say
oh the corporation's own all these
politicians these big companies they
just buy them off and then say don't
worry the government's gonna fix it that
doesn't even make sense it's up to you
it's up to me it doesn't require
legislation it requires individual
action yeah there are a lot of people
that are economically out of the game
where two dollars means a lot and they
can't do it
but that's not everybody that is not
everybody
we cannot base our strategy on the
outliers there's no need to ban straws
we just have to start acting we have to
send letters to McDonald's whatever the
biggest fast-food joint is get them to
switch and then boom that happens
boycott them if you have to think it
won't work all companies care about is
profit look at chick-fil-a look at
chick-fil-a's sudden change
your voice matters more than you think
and about individual action that's the
key here we can't wait for the
government they're not going to do
anything anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day